DOC-1857 - Different resource groups selectable for private API server LBs (Azure IaaS) (#6746)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/public-cloud/azure/create-azure-cluster.md

    | **Static Placement**      | By default, Palette uses dynamic placement. This creates a new VNet for clusters with two subnets in different availability zones. Palette places resources in these clusters, manages the resources, and deletes them when the corresponding cluster is deleted.<br /><br />If you want to place resources into a pre-existing VNet, enable the **Static Placement** option, and fill out the input values listed in the [Static Placement](#static-placement-settings) table below. <br /> <br /> Select **Static Placement** for clusters where you want to use your network proxy configurations. To learn more about proxy configurations, check out [Proxy Configuration](./architecture.md#proxy-configuration). |

>     | **Private API Server LB** | _This option is only available when deploying clusters through a [Self Hosted PCG](../../pcg/deploy-pcg-k8s.md)._ Configure a private API server load balancer to enable private connectivity to your Kubernetes cluster. When enabled, this exposes the Kubernetes control plane endpoint on an internal Azure load balancer. If enabling, provide the additional input values as listed in the [Private API Server LB Settings](#private-api-server-lb-settings) table.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Private API Server LB** | _This option is only available when deploying clusters through a [self-hosted PCG](../../pcg/deploy-pcg-k8s.md)._ Configure a private API server load balancer to enable private connectivity to your Kubernetes cluster. When enabled, this exposes the Kubernetes control plane endpoint on an internal Azure load balancer. If enabled, provide the additional input values listed in the [Private API Server LB Settings](#private-api-server-lb-settings) table.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
I put "self-hosted" in lowercase since it's not the official name of the article.

Reviewer 2: It was decided with product ages ago that we would not use the term "self-hosted" PCG :(

Author: TBH, I wasn't sure if what I put was correct, but thanks for clarifying @caroldelwing.

    | **Control Plane Subnet**   | Select the control plane subnet.                            |
    | **Worker Subnet**          | Select the worker network.                                  |

    #### Private API Server LB Settings

    | **Parameter**                   | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
    | ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | **Resource Group (Optional)**   | The Azure resource group that contains the **Private DNS zone** you want to use for the private API server load balancer. It can be different from the cluster’s own resource group. Leave blank to default to the selected cluster **Resource Group**.                             |

>     | **Private DNS zone (Optional)** | The existing private DNS zone that will hold the A record of the private endpoint. After you choose a resource group, the dropdown lists the zones in that resource group. Select an existing zone, or leave blank and Palette will create a new zone in the chosen resource group. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Private DNS Zone (Optional)** | The existing private DNS zone that will hold the A record of the private endpoint. After you choose a resource group, the dropdown lists the zones in that resource group. Select an existing zone, or leave it blank. If blank, Palette will create a new zone in the chosen resource group. |
```
Just verifying if "zone" should be lowercase as well :)

Author: It's written in the UI as uppercase, so I'll write a new suggestion and leave that bit in.

Author: ```suggestion
    | **Private DNS zone (Optional)** | The existing private DNS zone that will hold the A record of the private endpoint. After you choose a resource group, the dropdown lists the zones in that resource group. Select an existing zone, or leave it blank. If left blank, Palette will create a new zone in the chosen resource group. |
```
